Previously on Homeland...
Aayan, those were your
relatives that were killed
in the wedding party
the Americans bombed.
And the CIA chief who ordered
that bombing is now dead.
Does that feel
like justice?
This mess in Islamabad,
it's not just going away.
We need a new chief there.
I'd like it to be me.
I need you here,
permanently.
MAGGIE: Can't come as a surprise
to you that, uh,
Dad isn't pitching in
as much as he said he would.
CARRIE:
Well, what about the nanny?
She's great, when she's here.
We really need to talk.
You don't remember me, do you?
I'm the manager.
(panting)
Something funny?
It's okay.
I hear it all the time.
Are you okay?
I thought I was
until I found myself
beating the shit
out of some idiot for no reason.
You know there was that
case officer you told me about,
the one who was fired
in Islamabad
about the same time
you got there.
Jordan Harris.
No, Sandy didn't throw me out,
it was Lockhart.
I flew all the way
back here from Islamabad
to report an intelligence leak;
next thing I know, I'm finished.
No more interviews.
Sandy had a dark
asset providing
targeting information
on terrorists.
He was out there trading
top secret information.
Oh, please.
To God knows who.
You knew what was
going on there.
That makes you
complicit.
In what?
It's called treason.
What do you want?
I want Islamabad.
We had a meltdown
over there.
I'm gonna need you
to send some guys over
who can make sure
it doesn't happen again.
Anything you need.
They're sending me back.
I don't have a choice.
I don't believe you.
I'm so sorry.
(indistinct military
radio chatter)
MARTHA: It's Alice
in fucking Wonderland.
(indistinct military
radio chatter)
CARRIE:
Where are you?
QUINN:
I'm at a safe distance.
...clipped an artery.
(screams)
SAUL:
I know a way.
(speaking Arabic)
ANDREA MITCHELL:
First, the U.S. found
and killed
Osama bin Laden outside...
(crowd clamoring)
CARRIE:
You will die over there!
HILLARY CLINTON: You can't
keep snakes in your backyard
and expect them
only to bite your neighbors.
JOHN KERRY: There are things
that the Pakistanis have done,
as complicated as
the relationship has been.
(indistinct military
radio chatter)
SAUL:
I'm so sorry.
BRODY:
I have to say good-bye now.
CARRIE:
Just for a few more seconds.
I need to make a stop.
Take a left on Faisal.
That's not the way
to the embassy.
Then to the second intersection,
which is street ten.
Just do it, please.
It's not a request.
Stop here.
Somebody explain to me
what the hell Sandy Bachman was
doing here without protection.
Wasn't that your job?
Our job to what?
Drive him,
protect him,
know where the fuck he was.
He never had us
drive him anywhere
unless it was on
official business.
Why not?
Mr. Bachman was not
an easy guy to work with.
Let's just
leave it at that.
Unlock it, please.
I've had a long flight.
Don't make me debate this.
(doors unlock)
All right, stay in the truck.
I'm not going further
than that corner.
(tires screech)
Quinn, go!
(man shouting)
Goddamn it, get off me!
Sandy!
(crowd clamoring)
(car horn honks)
(man shouts in Arabic)
Let's go.
Nice to see you again, Peter.
I believe it was
almost a year ago.
You were looking to leave
the agency then as well.
That was different.
How so?
I'd just shot and killed a kid.
And now?
Now I just want out.
I'm done.
As I'm sure you're aware,
it's not as simple as that.
We need to certify that
you're not a danger to yourself.
Or to others.
Among other things.
You're talking about
what happened at the diner.
You fractured
a man's cheekbone.
It says here 63 stitches.
I controlled myself
for 12 fucking years.
I lost it once.
Once.
Once is all it takes.
It won't happen again.
Last time you were in here,
you talked about nightmares.
Seeing your first kill
over and over again,
his head disappearing
in a puddle of mud.
Look, I snapped.
What more do you
want me to say?
Obviously, we need to talk about
recent events in Islamabad.
Obviously.
What about the two men
you killed on the ground there?
What about them?
Do you think about them?
I do not.
I think about Sandy and Carrie
and the choice I made.
Carrie Mathison?
Yes.
She came up a lot
last time we talked.
I don't remember.
DR. BYATT: You said she was
one of the reasons
you wanted out of
Dar Adal's group.
Maybe she was.
She didn't approve
of targeted assassinations?
No, I was the one having
the problem, not her.
The agency is worried
you might want to talk
about all that one day.
Well, you tell them
not to worry--
I know what I agreed to.
And what about Carrie?
What about her?
You just said you had
a choice to make in that car.
You chose her.
Is that a question?
Are the two of you
romantically involved?
What?
Answer.
Please.
I don't see what that has
to do with anything.
Let me be the judge of that.
You know what?
Fuck this.
♪ ♪
Thank you, ma'am.
Have a good day.
(door opens, men chattering)
Hey.
Where is everybody?
What do you mean?
We have a full staff meeting
scheduled for 9:30.
The first
I heard of it.
CHASE: Shouldn't take long
to gather the troops though,
with the lockdown
still in place.
Lockdown?
Yeah, nobody in or out
of the embassy.
Where's Redmond?
In with the ambassador.
Ah, good morning.
Ambassador.
How was the flight?
Bumpy.
Got to admit, you're the last
person I expected to see here.
I assume you got my cable.
I did.
CARRIE: What happened to
my 9:30 staff meeting?
Since we don't have
much new to report,
I thought I would just
catch you up myself.
Well, how about
we stick to my plan?
I expect everybody
downstairs in 15 minutes.
(sniffles)
Tell Dennis
we're on for tonight.
I will.
I think he's feeling
a little blindsided.
Yeah?
I guess we're all surprised
to learn you got Sandy's job.
No one regrets his death,
or the airstrike on
Dande Darpa Khel, more than me.
Regret it or not,
U.S.-Pakistan relations are
at their lowest point
since the raid on Abbottabad.
And at a time that we can
least afford it.
Well, how, may I ask, is
an embassy-wide lockdown helping
that situation any?
I have to put the safety
of my country team first.
I need my guys back
out on the street.
Not gonna happen.
I was thinking...
I was hoping...
that you and I could
work this out together.
Two sensible women cutting
through all the bullshit?
Well, something
like that.
I wish it were that simple.
Good morning.
Thank you all for being here
on such short notice.
Okay, I'll dive right in.
Who can tell me something
about Jordan Harris?
What, no opinions?
Come on, you guys worked
with him for 18 months.
What do you want to know?
Do you share his suspicions
about Sandy Bachman?
What suspicions?
That, in exchange for upper-tier
targeting information,
he was passing secrets
to somebody inside the S-wing
of Pakistani Intelligence.
Harris is an asshole.
Yeah, but is he right?
Sandy's intel was
consistently good.
(sighs)
Maybe it was too good.
I mean, how else
was he getting
exact targeting coordinates
on bad guys
we'd lost track of for years?
Look, I get it.
Nobody wants to admit
the possibility he was spying
right under our noses...
Young lady, let's have a chat.
Sit down, John.
I was about to say...
...I'm the one to blame.
I wanted to believe
in Sandy more than anyone.
But blame right now
is beside the point.
In light of
what Harris told me,
we have to reconstruct
the events leading
to Sandy's death.
What was he doing
outside the embassy that day?
Who was he meeting with?
And were they really
passing secrets back and forth?
Yes?
None of this is gonna be easy
if we're confined to campus.
What's your name?
Hensleigh. Alan Hensleigh.
Yeah, I'm working on that, Alan.
Expect the lockdown
to be lifted by tomorrow.
And get me the transport log
for the last five days
and a pouch, please.
Okay, John. You and I
are gonna have that chat now.
(door closes)
You were given a directive
to make yourself useful to me
in any way I request or require.
That doesn't give you
license to breeze in here
and take a dump
on my station.
My station.
And either you comply, or I'll
have the Marines remove you
from the embassy and put you
on the next plane home.
How did you swing this?
Swing what?
Four days ago, I got the
call tapping me as chief.
Then yesterday,
Lockhart suddenly
reverses his decision.
What?
That's a perfectly
innocent question.
You really want
to know how I did it?
I asked nicely.
Oh, and, John?
Clean yourself up.
I can smell the booze from here.
(cell phone ringing)
So, who are
you avoiding?
This guy from work.
Your boss?
Was. He thinks he still is.
I'm quitting my job.
Okay.
Something happen?
A lot of things happened.
You seem worried.
They don't...
like quitters.
Might be a problem.
You're gonna need them
for a good recommendation.
Yeah, well, as long as they
don't kill me, I'll be happy.
Joke.
(chuckles)
So, uh, what are
you gonna do?
What do you mean?
I mean next.
(sighs)
Something different.
Do you have any
marketable skills?
Marketable? I don't know.
Any skills?
Not really.
Do you have a degree?
You mean, like, a college,
grad school thing?
Yeah, generally
that's what it means.
No.
Really?
I'm shocked.
Why?
I don't know.
You seem...
sophisticated.
With your half gallon of
Schnapps there, of course.
(cell phone ringing)
You're not gonna
get that, huh?
(cell phone dings, vibrates)
I need to go
to the Sadirah hotel.
We're in lockdown, ma'am.
According to the transport log,
limited pouch runs
to allied embassies are cleared.
Rolling drop at the Sadirah and
then on to the Swedish embassy
to deliver this.
ISI.
They sit out here
waiting for us in shifts.
We can't go anywhere
without them.
CARRIE:
Forget the embassy.
Just dump me at the Sadirah
and wait for me there.
Want to share with us
where you're going?
I'll never be more than
ten minutes away.
If I need you, I'll call.
I shouldn't be
more than an hour.
♪ ♪
(children clamoring)
Fara.
Hey, Carrie.
How was the trip in?
(British accent):
Fine.
Taxi from the airport
was a little hairy.
Been working on
the accent.
Good.
MAX: Good?
It's flawless.
Hello, Max.
Evening, governor.
Pip, pip. Cheerio.
Where's Parvez and Qadir?
They're prepping the van.
You want me to bring them up?
No, let them finish.
Are we up on the kid yet?
Yeah.
He's back at school.
Seems to be trying to
get back to his life.
Which is pretty impressive
after, you know...
Where is he now?
In class.
When are we making
the approach?
Tomorrow morning.
Talk me through it.
It's gonna take place
at the medical college
in the office of his
advisor, where we think
he'll feel safe
and respected.
Smart.
Who's the advisor?
Dr. Malik Gorshani.
He's chief of their
neurology department.
Neurology-- that's
the nervous system, right?
That's... perfect.
Why? You're nervous?
Well, of course.
It's the start of an operation.
It's good.
It's good to be nervous.
It keeps you focused.
My heart's going
like a steam engine.
Use that energy.
You're a journalist; this is
your chance at a big story.
The best operations
are 90% true.
Right.
You are recruiting him,
just not for the reason
that he thinks.
And don't press too hard.
The objective is a follow-up
meeting, nothing more.
How could he say no?
Max.
Well...
it is a seduction, Fara.
There's just no way around it.
Make physical contact
if you can.
Touch his shoulder.
Put a hand gently on his arm.
You're gonna do fine, Fara.
(cell phone ringing)
Don't worry.
(sighs)
I got to get this.
It's my dad.
(speaking Persian)
She gonna be okay?
Be careful out there, Max.
The streets
are crawling with ISI.
And you're without
official cover.
What about the embassy?
Totally in the dark.
Langley?
Langley knows,
but they can't help you out
if you get in trouble.
Then we won't.
(knocking)
All right, all right!
I'm coming.
I told you to go fuck yourself,
not come for breakfast.
Come on, Peter!
Let me in.
I brought donuts.
Just you.
Whatever you say.
I won't go to Langley,
so Langley comes to me.
Is that what this is?
Can you not accept that I'm
genuinely concerned about you?
So why the gorilla?
Jay? He's just my driver.
Well, I appreciate
the concern,
but I'm fine, thank you.
Mmm.
So I can see.
So I had a few beers.
I need help sleeping.
Big deal.
The group takes
care of its own.
You know that,
and you know why.
I don't belong to you,
or to the group,
or to anyone anymore.
Once a scalp hunter,
always a scalp hunter.
Isn't that
what they say?
That's what you say.
That and "You're my guy, Peter."
Well, I invested a lot
of time and money in you.
I'm sorry
to disappoint.
You should be sorry.
Those morons in the diner
didn't deserve that.
All right, so what now?
Simple.
Convince me that you can keep
your shit together from now on.
Or else what?
I believe they call it
"retraining."
Of course,
we both know
the real explanation
for all this.
What's that?
This isn't about PTSD.
It's about your feelings
for Carrie Mathison.
Are you fucking kidding me?
If she hadn't been in that car,
Sandy Bachman would be
alive today.
That really what you think?
Tell me I'm wrong.
You're wrong.
I did all I could, and you can
watch it online for fuck's sake!
I've seen it!
The whole fucking
agency's seen it.
You took your eye off Sandy
to save Carrie.
You left him to be beaten
to death in the str...
(choking)
(both panting)
Well done, Peter.
I knew you weren't
that far gone.
Get the fuck out of here.
Have a nice life.
(door closes)
EDEN:
You all right?
Who was that?
No one.
(lively jazz music playing
faintly over earphones)
(music stops)
(Saul laughs)
SAUL: At Langley,
I was stretched out
in the lobby of the
Commodore Hotel.
(laughs): Who was
that awful night manager?
He was Austrian?
Edward something?
Amadeus.
Edward Amadeus. Right.
What a creep.
"Would you like
a view of the sea,
or the war?"
(laughs)
Saul.
Hello, Carrie.
What's going on?
Didn't you see
your new security team?
They're right outside,
unloading their gear.
Well, I hardly expected you
to hand deliver them.
Listen, I'll catch you later.
CARRIE:
No, no. Please.
I didn't mean
to interrupt.
Not at all.
It was great to see you.
You, too.
Carrie.
You lucked out
with her.
She's one of the good ones.
Walk with me, will you?
What the hell, Saul?
So, you're not so
happy to see me?
I am not.
Can I ask why?
I just got
here myself.
I've got enough
on my plate
without being responsible
for the safety
of a former director.
I'm only here
for a few days.
All right. A week.
You should've called first.
You're right, I should've.
But now that I'm here...
Now that you're here,
it looks like I've reached out
to you for help.
That's not exactly the message
I want to send.
Well, now that I'm here,
do you need my help?
No.
Yes.
What can I do?
One thing, and then
promise me you'll go home.
I promise.
The ambassador's got
the embassy locked down.
I need your friend
to lift the order
so my case officers
can get back to work.
Done.
(British accent):
Hello, Aayan.
Aayan, this is
Fara Sassani,
the journalist from London
I was telling you about.
Nice to meet you.
Dr. Gorshani.
Well, you're a
brave young man.
Thanks for meeting me.
The only reason I'm here is
because Dr. Gorshani insisted
that I meet with you.
Okay.
No, not "okay."
Done that. Met you.
I'm gonna go now.
Aayan, please.
I've come a long way.
You don't understand.
Even if you are
who you say you are,
I can't talk to you.
What do you mean,
if I am who I say I am?
Are you in some kind of trouble?
I have to go.
Aayan, please.
Sorry.
Don't be. We don't have to do
this now, if you don't want to.
We can meet tomorrow.
Or next week.
Just please, please
leave me alone.
Please.
(crowd clamoring over video)
(clamoring continues)
QUINN:
It's under the seat!
It's not here!
Fuck!
Help!
Get off me!
Carrie!
SANDY:
Help me! Quinn!
Carrie, no!
Can't just
leave him here!
He's gone!
There's nothing we can do!
Now, get down!
You couldn't get through
to him because he was scared?
FARA: He wasn't just scared,
he was terrified.
What were his exact words?
It wasn't what he said,
it was the look on his face.
I felt so bad for him.
The thing is,
he just got more valuable.
The fact that he's being told
to shut up means
he knows something
or saw something.
What about a second approach?
Happy to try, but I doubt the
result would be any different.
Is a snatch and grab
out of the question?
No way I get authorization
to interrogate
the only surviving victim
of a botched kill mission.
What then?
Let me think on it.
(door opens)
Best view in Islamabad.
(laughs) Which
isn't saying much.
I thought you were gonna
join us for dinner.
I got busy.
Yeah, I heard.
If you've got something
to say, just say it.
You were outside
the embassy,
in violation
of my order.
Who told you that?
Redmond?
No.
Really.
How about we start again,
you and me?
Funny. Saul just
suggested the same thing.
And?
Hey, I'm all for it.
He likes you, Saul does.
He doesn't like many people.
Well, I should hope so.
We almost got
married once.
What?
We were young, we were
stupid, it was Beirut.
Thank God we came
to our senses.
He never said a word.
How very discreet of him.
But I want you to know
I'm not doing it for him.
Doing what?
Rescinding the lockdown.
You're not?
I'm doing it because
you were right.
I can't complain about bad
relations with Pakistan,
while at the same doing
nothing to make them better.
Thank you.
Well, don't
thank me yet.
I want enhanced security
measures in place first,
and I want daily
updates from you.
In person.
Deal.
Smoke another with me?
Sure.
(clattering)
What are you doing?
You okay?
You went out
pretty hard last night.
I was worried.
What are you doing?
Just policing the
area a little bit.
I see that.
You know, dust
quickly becomes dirt,
and then before you know it,
you owe me
your entire
security deposit.
Can you just stop?
What? Cleaning?
Talking.
Did I do something wrong here?
No, I just think
you should leave now.
Okay, I'll go.
Okay.
I'll get my stuff.
(sighs)
Can I say something
before I go?
All this-- it has to do with
that CIA guy on the news, right?
Couldn't help overhear.
You don't know what you heard
or didn't hear.
Do you understand?
Jesus!
Peter, you're scaring me.
You should be scared.
These people do not fuck around.
(scoffs quietly)
What I wanted...
to say to you...
is that nobody should have to go
through what you went through.
Nobody.
And if that guy shows up here
again, I'd say it to his face.
I'd like to see that.
I really would.
I went to the store, you know.
There's, um...
a, uh, roast chicken
in the fridge
and some eggs and cereal,
you know, to go along
with your liquid diet.
And, um...
...whoever Carrie is...
...she's a lucky girl.
(door opens, closes)
♪ ♪
Morning.
Lockdown is lifted.
Hallelujah.
What else can I do for you?
Go home.
She was your fiancée?
For about two minutes.
A hundred years ago.
Why didn't you
say anything?
Well, we haven't really been
talking much lately, Carrie.
I'm sorry.
No need to apologize.
I wanted to pick
up the phone
so many times, but what I wanted
to talk about, I couldn't.
I still can't.
Tyranny of secrets.
The tyranny of keeping them.
So...
What are you doing today
with your newfound freedom?
I can't tell you.
(laughs)
I can guess, can't I?
Sure.
You got two problems,
far as I see.
One, you need to get Sandy's
networks up and running again.
Check.
Two, you don't know
who you can trust yet.
So you need to set up
a second station somewhere,
with your own people,
independent of the embassy.
You done that already?
Wow.
That was quick.
When's your plane, Saul?
Tomorrow morning.
Thank you.
Happy hunting.
Here's your coffee.
(both speaking Pashto)
(woman groaning)
Hello?
Hello? Can you hear me?
(groaning, crying)
Excuse me, I'm a doctor.
I can help you.
You're in trouble, Aayan.
Who are you?
My name is
Carrie Macpherson.
Fara Sassani works for me.
Another journalist?
I'm her London bureau chief.
Let me go, please.
Let me out! Please!
Let me go!
(grunts)
(shushes)
(whispers):
Hold on.
(shushing)
No, I thought
I heard somebody.
Listen, Aayan.
You are part
of an important story.
I want to be
the one to tell it.
On behalf of your family,
all the people who were
killed at Dande Darpa Khel
and all those who may yet die
at the hands of the CIA.
I can't tell you.
You don't understand.
I cannot talk to you.
Wh-What are you scared of?
Who's threatening you?
Because I can
protect you, Aayan.
I can even get you
out of Pakistan,
if that's what you want.
In exchange for what?
I told you.
Your story.
I can't do...
Do you want to continue
your studies in England
or the United States?
I can do that, too.
How does the Royal College
of Physicians sound?
(mumbles):
Royal College of Physicians?
It's not a problem.
I'm putting my card
in your pocket, okay?
You won't ever see me again
if you don't want to.
But you should want to.
Especially if you're in
any kind of danger.
Look, look,
I don't want...
Go, go, go.
Tell them I had
women's problems.
I was cramping.
Whatever you decide...
...I'm truly sorry for
what happened to you.
And I wish you luck.
(chuckles quietly)
(crowd clamoring over video)
♪ ♪
Fuck me.
(microwave beeping)
(cell phone ringing)
Please don't say
you pocket-dialed me.
We never had a chance.
What do you mean?
In the car with Sandy.
What makes you say that?
Are you all right?
It was premeditated-- the whole
thing from start to finish.
There was a guy in the crowd
with an earpiece
coordinating the whole thing.
Are you sure?
I just sent you the link.
Go to your computer.
Uh, hold on.
All right, got it.
See the guy on the corner?
Yeah.
He's wearing a comm, Carrie.
Jesus, Quinn.
We never had a chance.
You recognize him?
I don't.
But he's got to be
Pakistani Intelligence, right?
No one else could've pulled
something like this off.
The question is...
why?
What do you mean?
Well, Sandy was blown.
He was already gonna
have to leave the country.
Why kill him?
Quinn.
What?
This changes everything.
It means I really need you now.
No, I'm sorry, Carrie.
I can't do that.
I wouldn't ask you if there was
somebody else here
I could count on.
Don't make me beg.
I'm sorry. I can't do it.
Please. Please!
Shit, Carrie.
I know.
You're the hardest person
in the world to say no to.
Is that a yes?
God, I fucking love you, Quinn.
You know that, don't you?
Yeah.
(sighs)
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org